ANN MENDENHALL: Hi.
iPhone: Hi.
ANN MENDENHALL: This is Scott Gabriel
iPhone: I'm his and he's right here.
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, OK.
ANN MENDENHALL: OK.
iPhone: Trying to help them.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, thank you. Um, yeah, I was confused there for a minute. Hey, Gabriel looks like you're not feeling so hot.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, hang on just a second.
ANN MENDENHALL: So I'm Kim. The aunt of what, what's your name.
ANN MENDENHALL: Michelle. Michelle. OK, Michelle.
ANN MENDENHALL: Is Gabriel, I'm going to be able to answer questions, or are you going to be able to answer them for him.
ANN MENDENHALL: At me with
iPhone: Both yeah
ANN MENDENHALL: Well, okay, great. Okay, so we'll just go through this. Hang on just a second.
ANN MENDENHALL: As I need to kind of open our, our chart where we do this, I'm glad I had that cancellation and were able to get them in
iPhone: Because detail because he had one at 10 o'clock, but I guess they tried to change it. And I didn't know about it. So,
iPhone: Oh, I was
iPhone: Calling it. Calling in for his appointment. Sorry.
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, perfect. Yeah, they had scheduled I I work
ANN MENDENHALL: Elsewhere. I work at a drug and alcohol rehab facility and I have to leave for work at 1115 and so they had scheduled him at
10 o'clock.
ANN MENDENHALL: And I can't take too because I don't make it to work on time. So, but the guy at 10 was a no show. So that was perfect.
ANN MENDENHALL: It was maybe
iPhone: So I'm good. I'm glad.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, I'm glad you're there. So let me just get logged in here.
iPhone: He can't be this bad off. So I guess we needed it more because there's no way he would have missed it.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yes.
iPhone: No, I'm sorry. Yeah but open the windows.
iPhone: seven and Windows
iPhone: You know, throw up. You know, throw out. I mean, you've been throwing up. So do I do
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah. And if you have to stop you know just
ANN MENDENHALL: I understand. Yeah.
iPhone: I'm not the bombs. That will be fine. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Let's see. Let me find is G A B r IE LL right
iPhone: Correct. Okay. What am I not finding him here.
ANN MENDENHALL: And last name of the lesson is Jensen.
iPhone: Got it Denson yeah okay here we go.
ANN MENDENHALL: Usually I have all this stuff ready, but I wasn't anticipating that we're going to be doing this. So, but I'm glad we can
ANN MENDENHALL: Right so me to a couple of
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Alright, so I am going to go through a number of questions here and
ANN MENDENHALL: So currently, this first of all, I just sort of wanted to get the his story in terms of you know how long he's been using currently how much he's using
ANN MENDENHALL: And you know what what exact
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, drugs, he is using quantity, you know, etc, etc. So currently, what did she catch me up on on what what's going on here.
iPhone: Well, I know he's been using heroin, about three years.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
iPhone: He said two grams a day.
iPhone: Okay, heroin.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. And presumably, that's probably been cut with fentanyl because most in California happened. Do you, do you know you know
iPhone: It's kind of fentanyl sometimes, sometimes
ANN MENDENHALL: What did he say
iPhone: Sometimes, yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Probably i mean it's it's just
ANN MENDENHALL: The way it is now. So, okay, two milligrams a day and
ANN MENDENHALL: Any other
ANN MENDENHALL: Opiates that he's using any you know pills are strictly heroin.
iPhone: Don't go grab grab today.
ANN MENDENHALL: Now, that's right. I'm sorry, I meant to grams. Yeah, of course. Yeah.
iPhone: No. Just, just the heroin. He's not a drinker. He's not
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, no math no benzo is anything
iPhone: Are you doing math at all. No.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
iPhone: All right, those
ANN MENDENHALL: Say Valium or what not really like how much very
iPhone: Very rare, very rare.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. All right.
ANN MENDENHALL: I'm in. I see in your record that you had one overdose. How long ago was that in. Did you go to the ER.
iPhone: Know who you are.
iPhone: So that when you first got out of jail, he got he was in jail for a while, so he wasn't using but he got out. Now, this is my nephew. My son is also a heroin user, they're both in Southern California.
iPhone: MY SON'S NOT READY. Unfortunately, but he was in jail, and when he got out my son was there, unfortunately, and using and
iPhone: He went right back on it. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And that's when it usually happens because you know the tolerance is gone.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah.
iPhone: And he's my son is down. He's 800 miles away now. So there's nobody here using anything. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Where do you guys live just
iPhone: Crescent City.
ANN MENDENHALL: And Crescent City. Okay. Yeah. I have several patients from Crescent City.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so the overdose did not require er. Did you use our pan or
iPhone: Not can
ANN MENDENHALL: Nor can
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: All right, and so this is really important in terms of, you know, prescribing this Suboxone
ANN MENDENHALL: When exactly what is your last use of heroin.
iPhone: For you 24 hours ago.
ANN MENDENHALL: 24 hours ago. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: So it sounds like you are good to start, we asked that. And I'm sure Gabriel you're aware and Michelle, you may
ANN MENDENHALL: Be as well. The danger precipitated withdrawal. If you start Suboxone too soon after coming off heroin. It's terrible. I mean, people
ANN MENDENHALL: Tell me, they just wanted to die. It's so, so bad. And so I always want to be sure that we wait at least 24 hours. So as long as it's been 24 hours.
ANN MENDENHALL: We can go ahead and I can send a prescription for the Suboxone so you can get going on that today, and I'll describe how we do that when we get to it.
ANN MENDENHALL: In in. So in the past, what what symptoms or what symptoms are you having now. And, you know, what are your withdrawal symptoms, nausea, vomiting, obviously.
iPhone: Yeah, he's throwing up
iPhone: He's a body pain and a lot of pain chills hot and cold.
Chills
iPhone: He's
iPhone: I mean, he's not really irritable. I mean I you know I mean he is but not taking it out on me. I think
iPhone: I mean, I think he's scared that I'm going to throw them out. I have a habit of not dealing with their crap. Very well. But obviously, I'm not going to do that now. You know what I mean, I think, yeah, he's trying hard not to be agitated, but he is agitated.
ANN MENDENHALL: Sure. I mean, that's, that's just one of the withdrawal symptoms.
ANN MENDENHALL: So, you know, we get that Gabriel and
ANN MENDENHALL: You know you're in a lot of
iPhone: Pain stuff.
iPhone: Now, so we're
ANN MENDENHALL: We're going to help you with that though I come here is something that, you know, we kind of have to use is what what consequences, he has. Have you experienced due to opioid use and that could be legal. That could be work that could be
Relationship.
iPhone: Everything. He's been homeless, what two years now.
iPhone: Two years.
iPhone: You know jail, all the time.
ANN MENDENHALL: Many times in jail.
iPhone: Probably three or four. Okay.
iPhone: Yeah, he was literally living outside of Starbucks, but you know he called me for one more chance. This time, and I sent him a bus ticket. He was I brought him 800 miles to detox and do this.
iPhone: But he's away from it. Now, so that's good.
ANN MENDENHALL: It's good. Yeah, I mean that's that's incredibly important. So no other substance use, um, how about any any pot do smoking weed.
iPhone: He's, he's always been very paranoid of weed when he was like 13 he smoked it and had a bad experience and he's never smoked it again. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Are there. Have you had any anytime of sobriety, like, you know, weeks, months.
iPhone: In jail. Yeah, so about five months. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: But only in jail.
iPhone: Oh man, Joe.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And that was just recently.
iPhone: This year, yeah. Yeah, I want to say you got out around sep tember. Is that right, much Gable
iPhone: Please feel came
iPhone: Out around September.
Okay.
iPhone: Has he ever been in.
ANN MENDENHALL: Any detox or treatment.
No.
iPhone: Anytime.
ANN MENDENHALL: A
iPhone: Or a or anything like that. No.
iPhone: Okay. All right.
iPhone: Of course now his brothers cooking bacon and eggs, making them even sicker. I, I bought him sit. Not now, Matthew. I appreciate that. I really do. But it's not a good time. Just leave it there. I got it, I'm on the phone with the doctor.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: So the next question.
ANN MENDENHALL: We should probably go through. Hang on just a second.
ANN MENDENHALL: How about any suicide.
iPhone: Risk
ANN MENDENHALL: Has he ever had any suicide attempts.
iPhone: No. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And so, no. Any thoughts of suicide suicide ideation meeting.
iPhone: Oh, I, I'm sure you know when you're homeless and you know what I mean.
ANN MENDENHALL: Like, yeah, sure.
iPhone: You have that thought. But it's never a thought of actual completion, you
ANN MENDENHALL: Know plan.
Right.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, any family history of suicide.
iPhone: Know any any suicide and your dad side. No. Okay.
Okay, I'm
iPhone: Just for all the toilet paper in there at the moment. Okay, okay, okay. Sorry.
ANN MENDENHALL: Um, how about any
ANN MENDENHALL: psychiatric diagnosis. Has he seen a therapist.
ANN MENDENHALL: A psychiatrist.
iPhone: Enjoy. Yeah, yeah. I wish you never really know it was it was
iPhone: Like when he was young. It was, how do I click this, it was a shit show
iPhone: When he was about
iPhone: Eight. Okay. He was about eight CPS took him and his three brothers away from their parents.
iPhone: Okay, um,
iPhone: You know what, I'm not even sure if the question was already know where I'm going with this. I'm sorry, what was the question again.
ANN MENDENHALL: The question is, any psychiatric
iPhone: Oh yeah so so during that time they had him diagnose like add and you know he was he was very defiant but I don't know if that was just the circumstances or if it was mental illness, he did get SSI for mental health, but I caught him off at 18 and he never reapplied and
iPhone: Okay, I don't know what happened. So there's definitely a history and his mom is definitely bipolar. And
iPhone: So there is some underlying issues we're just not probably diagnosed correctly. Okay.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: How about any past medical history, does he have any chronic illnesses and that could be like asthma, diabetes,
ANN MENDENHALL: Cell sure epilepsy, no history of seizures or anything.
iPhone: OK, OK. I mean, at least not that I know. I mean, did you have any drug seizures or anything that I don't know about nothing. I don't know about.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, we will say none, then
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah.
iPhone: I thought I better ask because I wasn't even aware about the overdose.
ANN MENDENHALL: No current medical problems.
iPhone: Just
iPhone: Withdraw
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Any past history of surgeries. No. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And how about in history of hospitalizations.
Know,
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: How about
Here is
ANN MENDENHALL: Is Gabriel smoker.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yes, cigarette smoker every day.
iPhone: Yeah, he's smoke cigarettes everyday.
ANN MENDENHALL: Kind of more or less how many like a pack or
iPhone: Maybe half a pack, because I don't think he really had the money you know
Yeah.
iPhone: I'm sure if he had a Paki smoke tobacco. Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: How about drinking dizzying drink occasionally non
iPhone: Now, I would say, not at all. I mean, okay I he's not a drinker.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And so for the heroin use is it IV drug use dizzy smoke or does he do both.
iPhone: IV. Look at you because it
ANN MENDENHALL: Pardon.
iPhone: Me. I think he's, he started smoking it but now this
ANN MENDENHALL: IV.
iPhone: Yeah, that's usually what happens.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, in this
ANN MENDENHALL: I'm kind of guessing you know questions we normally ask cardiovascular does he eat healthy meals regular exercise taking daily aspirin, I imagine, none of those are probably too accurate.
ANN MENDENHALL: No. Okay, this other stuff is not really
Necessary.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so he he was born and raised in Crescent City or
iPhone: No Los Angeles County and Riverside County.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
iPhone: He was in Riverside LA County till he was about a, an island lived in Riverside County and they placed him with me.
iPhone: That was back in 2000 okay I'm until about 2008
ANN MENDENHALL: He was eight years old at the time.
iPhone: Maybe 778 somewhere around there. Okay.
That's enough of that stuff.
ANN MENDENHALL: Now here's
ANN MENDENHALL: A bunch of questions that are kind of head to toe that
ANN MENDENHALL: You can maybe both answer, especially can and this is just symptoms that you're having kind of currently right now so fever, night sweats chills fatigue.
ANN MENDENHALL: And any of those
iPhone: Yeah, pretty much all of them.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, and how about
ANN MENDENHALL: Runny nose. Yeah, yeah, sure.
iPhone: Yeah, part of or the
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. Any mouth problems lip sores mouth sores tongue sore sore throat.
iPhone: Sore throat, no nothing. Now he say no. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And a respiratory symptoms. COUGH wheezing shorter shorter breath.
iPhone: Breath now.
ANN MENDENHALL: I know this probably all seem sort of like beside the point that
ANN MENDENHALL: The train
iPhone: Oh, where'd you go when I do
ANN MENDENHALL: I think there's
ANN MENDENHALL: Any chest pain, palpitations.
iPhone: Any complications or anything know
iPhone: When your heartbeat funny. Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: That's not uncommon either with withdrawal.
ANN MENDENHALL: Abdominal pain. Obviously, you got nausea, vomiting,
iPhone: Any other time you gain besides growing up now. Okay.
iPhone: Skin stuff.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, muscular skeletal I'm going to say yes on muscle pain. How about back pain.
iPhone: Muscle cramps weakness. Yeah. Yeah, he's he's shaking like tumble like you know when you're paying it, you're like,
iPhone: Yeah yeah
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, we're going through this as quickly as we can to minimize his discomfort or speed it up anyway headaches.
ANN MENDENHALL: lightheadedness, numbness, tingling,
iPhone: That you will know. Okay.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And
ANN MENDENHALL: Depression, anxiety,
Yes.
Worse.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so enough of that stuff.
ANN MENDENHALL: Is he currently taking any medications.
No. Okay.
iPhone: The other clinic. The other doctor that he saw yesterday they said that they they prescribed him a kick pack, which I guess is like a
iPhone: Anti diarrhea and vomiting thing. But I went to the pharmacy to pick it up and they didn't have it. I called them, they said, Okay, well, will resend it, but since I'm on the phone with you out. You don't have to even bother with that right
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, in what was it a prescribed
iPhone: I don't even know. I didn't pick it up yet. It's something for the nausea and vomiting and they call it like a kickback from open door.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, probably when I usually prescribe for people who are coming in, in, like I said, I work in a drug and alcohol rehab facility to is. So Fran and and that will help with both the nausea and vomiting. So I'll send a prescription for that as well.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, we're, we're kind of getting here.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so here is
ANN MENDENHALL: vitals, obviously I can't take blood pressure, but can you tell me, Gabriel, how tall you are and how much you weigh
iPhone: He's six foot. Anyways, how much
iPhone: To 35 okay
ANN MENDENHALL: OK. And the only other thing that I'm going to do is now you can do this for him. Michelle, or if he can do it. I need to take his heart rate. And so the way that we usually do that is you know have if you if you know how
iPhone: To do it.
iPhone: I know, I know how to do it.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, all right, if you can give me his heart rate.
iPhone: That'd be great to watch, though.
ANN MENDENHALL: It. Tell you what.
ANN MENDENHALL: Why, why don't you know what I oftentimes do is have you take it for 15 seconds.
ANN MENDENHALL: Right, and I'll call you when to start I'll watch the top
iPhone: You have the clock.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah.
Right here.
ANN MENDENHALL: Hang on just a second.
ANN MENDENHALL: Let me change my
iPhone: Oh, it's already you sorry, geez, I just touched them. And it hurts.
iPhone: Oh,
iPhone: We're almost there, girl, right. You're right. It's almost over.
iPhone: It put it right here. I can't
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, I got my other one other watch here so we can do it. So you tell me when when you got the pulse.
ANN MENDENHALL: Pulse. Okay.
iPhone: Tell me when to start
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay 321 start
ANN MENDENHALL: Stop.
ANN MENDENHALL: 1111
iPhone: But he kind of moved, and it seemed like it stopped for a minute. And I don't know if he just lost it. You know, I mean, he's moved on so much
iPhone: Yeah, I got 11
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, that's, that's really low. Can we try it. Maybe one more time, that that would be a pulse of 44 which
iPhone: Well, that's because he was moved. He moved and I don't know and
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, if you can, Gabriel just hang on. We can even make it in 10 seconds just so it's a little shorter.
iPhone: I gotta find it. Yeah, I should get us on his foot.
ANN MENDENHALL: Or you could do it if it, he'll let you
iPhone: See on
ANN MENDENHALL: The neck might be easier.
Pretty pronounced pulse.
iPhone: Can't find it.
iPhone: Harder hurting him.
iPhone: Well, then you need to know donkey. Sorry, I just, I gotta do this.
iPhone: I don't quit moving
iPhone: Okay, okay, found it.
Okay.
iPhone: Quick. Try not to move for 15 seconds.
iPhone: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: 321 start
ANN MENDENHALL: Stop 1414. Okay, thank you.
iPhone: Okay, we're gonna help you right now. Hold on.
iPhone: Just be grateful. You're not in jail could be worse. Right. Try to think about that.
iPhone: Just get out
iPhone: Nice to be alone.
iPhone: Color. I'm going to the bathroom. Okay.
iPhone: If you need to get up long as you don't fall.
iPhone: I'm gonna have my nephew that I have to tinkle really quick. So I'm gonna have him hold the phone. Okay.
Okay.
iPhone: Hello.
ANN MENDENHALL: Hi.
ANN MENDENHALL: What's your name,
ANN MENDENHALL: Matthew. Hi, Matthew. I'm an
iPhone: Nice to meet you. Yeah.
iPhone: Sexy second
ANN MENDENHALL: Let's see.
iPhone: Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: We're getting there gave
iPhone: It just as quick as we can.
iPhone: What she does. She's not the pharmacy.
iPhone: That depends on the pharmacy. I'll go there and I'll wait. I'll send like three or something.
iPhone: He wants to know how long it's gonna take
ANN MENDENHALL: Its we're almost to the point where I can send a prescription, but then it depends on you know how long it takes your pharmacy to fill it in. And I really can't say which pharmacy. Do you go to in Crescent City Walgreens or
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah.
iPhone: Well, green. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And that's the one on Elm Street.
iPhone: Yes. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: You're probably already told them that so
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: So one other thing that I need to do is kind of an assessment here that should just take a couple of seconds, but we do this with everybody who's coming in, called cows, and that's just his withdrawal symptoms. So we said his resting pulse rate is at. I'm sweating.
iPhone: It's
iPhone: He does look. What are you sweating. Yeah.
iPhone: Okay, he's hot and cold. He's like he wants to ban on and he puts blankets on and he's cold, then it kicks them off, like the flu. You know, like
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. And so I'm assuming he's pretty restless to that on a zero.
ANN MENDENHALL: To five scale will say, yeah.
iPhone: He's on a zero to 10 need for 10 he's just destroyed my bed.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, I'll give them the full amount there a pupil size dilated point. Can you tell me
iPhone: What your hand.
iPhone: Opens, look at me.
iPhone: They
iPhone: Look glossy like
iPhone: Okay, don't worry about and kind of almost not quite but almost oblong
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: I'm going to say
ANN MENDENHALL: His owner joint aches or
Like
ANN MENDENHALL: Four out of four yummy. You know, constant runny nose, okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: GI upset, obviously.
ANN MENDENHALL: tremors, I'm assuming, yes.
Yes.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yawning
iPhone: Johnny Yes, okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And anxiety zero to seven.
iPhone: Seven. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And goose flash. He's probably got goose goose wash. Okay, so definitely as a hug.
iPhone: High Cost would
iPhone: Obviously want that and
iPhone: I know you are screwed over more
iPhone: I'm sure, like, you know, you just do the best you can. Okay.
iPhone: Okay. The good news is, this is going to end.
iPhone: Yes, keep thinking about that. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: It is going to end and you don't have to go through this again.
iPhone: Yeah, you don't have to do this again.
Okay, so let's put this in here.
iPhone: Ok ok ok
ANN MENDENHALL: OK, and so I am going to
ANN MENDENHALL: Describe what we're going to do with the Suboxone here.
ANN MENDENHALL: What we do I
ANN MENDENHALL: Do you know if you receive I'm holding this up to the camera.
ANN MENDENHALL: Have you received one of these by email.
iPhone: Now,
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, I'm gonna hit when we get done here. If you call the virtual clinic backup and ask them to send you that you pornography induction.
ANN MENDENHALL: So that's
ANN MENDENHALL: What I write that down. And I'm going to also tell them, but this way, it will kind of make sure you get it.
iPhone: Okay, and what is it called again.
ANN MENDENHALL: It's called the
ANN MENDENHALL: Be buprenorphine. We'll just say Suboxone induction.
iPhone: Okay protocol. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so how how this is going to work is I'm going to prescribe
ANN MENDENHALL: The Suboxone strips. Has he ever taken Suboxone before on the streets or any place.
iPhone: I've ever taken on streets.
iPhone: No.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so I'm assuming. His, His ensure what kind of insurance does he have
ANN MENDENHALL: Medicaid. Okay. So I think that will cover the Suboxone films or strips. If not, they'll, they'll fill it with tablets, but it's the same medication. So it's a combination. Excuse me. A buprenorphine in the locks on
ANN MENDENHALL: The lock zone is a medication that's in Norco
ANN MENDENHALL: It will keep him safe.
ANN MENDENHALL: Wow, so sorry. And so what we do is we kind of start a little more slowly. And I'm glad you're there, because you can help them with this induction.
ANN MENDENHALL: And so
ANN MENDENHALL: I am going to, let's see.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, I'm going to prescribe the eight milligrams with two grams a day of hair when he's probably going to need up to maybe 16 milligrams a day, but we don't go there right away because you know that can be dangerous. So
ANN MENDENHALL: I'm going to prescribe the eight milligram two milligrams strips. That's what you'll pick up and you don't have to remember this. That's just what the I'm just telling you what I'm prescribing
ANN MENDENHALL: And so what I want you to do is put half to strip kind of here, you know, so it's sort of between Dilip and in the
iPhone: The tongue teeth like
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, and
ANN MENDENHALL: And and so it has to stay there and dissolve because if not swallowed. It's not going to work in particular with him, you know, vomiting, you know it.
ANN MENDENHALL: But it's, it doesn't work in the stomach. It has to dissolve right into the bloodstream and so make sure that he doesn't really eat anything a little water is ok but
ANN MENDENHALL: Nothing to eat or nothing else besides a little water to drink for 30 minutes before he takes it in 30 minutes after just because we want to get maximum absorption
iPhone: For him right sure that
ANN MENDENHALL: He gets you know relief as soon as possible. Okay.
iPhone: And so
ANN MENDENHALL: He will start out with taking half a tab or half a strap and you know wait an hour or so and see how he's doing if he's still in bad shape which I presume he will be give him the other half.
ANN MENDENHALL: And so at that point he will have had eight milligrams within an hour or two. You can wait one hour or two hours, but I really think based on his symptoms. Right now you're going to be fine to give it after one hour and that will, like I said, given relief sooner.
ANN MENDENHALL: And then wait another couple of hours and you can give them another half strip and so that would be a total of 12 milligrams. For the first day because each strip is eight milligrams. So you're giving half a strip half a STRIP, STRIP.
ANN MENDENHALL: Right. So that's all for today. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And and then tomorrow if the 12 milligrams helped, but still not quite enough.
ANN MENDENHALL: Will know that he probably is going to need 16 milligrams and so tomorrow. And if that's the case, you can give them eight milligrams in the morning.
ANN MENDENHALL: And eight milligrams later on in the day afternoon or evening. This medication last for 36 hours in the system. So, actually.
ANN MENDENHALL: Some people just decide to take the entire dose in the morning for the day. But a lot of people. And I think many people who, you know, have had some addiction issues feel like
ANN MENDENHALL: It's going to run out and they need more. And this is particularly true for people who've been taking Norco and Percocet and opiate pills, because that's how they work. They're short acting. This is long acting, but I find that most people do a lot better if they divide the dose up and
iPhone: Uptake like you know
ANN MENDENHALL: eight in the morning eight me afternoon, if he can get by on 12 milligrams, that's great because it's a kind of medication you take too much.
ANN MENDENHALL: And it just sort of makes you sleepy but it's not going to make you high, you can take as much as you want. You're not going to get high. You're just going to get sort of
ANN MENDENHALL: groggy and out of it not feel that great. If you take the appropriate dose. It's going to make you feel normal. And it's, it's going to
ANN MENDENHALL: Be in your system for a while. So I I'm finding people who take as much as Gabriel has been taking up here. When per day or more
ANN MENDENHALL: And they usually all do just great on 60 milligrams. So I'm going to give you enough for a couple of weeks. So, you know, we'll have like maybe a total probably will give you a see
ANN MENDENHALL: 10 enough for 10 days and then the way that this works with
ANN MENDENHALL: With bright heart health is to get future refills. You need to come to a group. And so right now we have a Wednesday evening group, but pretty soon.
ANN MENDENHALL: I think in the little later in April. We're going to be changing people to a Friday morning. And so that would be the group. I'd like him in, but he can come
ANN MENDENHALL: Next week and check in with us. He's probably not going to be out of his he shouldn't be out of his meds by by next Wednesday. But at least I'll have a chance to check in.
ANN MENDENHALL: He can also you know if there's any problems. Any issues. Any questions you can always schedule an appointment.
ANN MENDENHALL: With me as a med follow up with 30 minute med follow up and then we can discuss any issues that are going on. I'm only here. I won't be available next Wednesday. But I will be next Thursday and Friday morning. Should you need to do that.
iPhone: I think
ANN MENDENHALL: Like I said, I work full time at at three drug and alcohol rehab facility. So I have very limited available availability on soon, but I want to make sure he's doing okay if for some reason he can't get in to see me and he needs to see somebody, you know, just tell the virtual clinic that
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, they'll try and put them with me and that he'd be willing to to see another provider because
iPhone: There's
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, several California providers that that could help there. So I'm going to have them send this to you. It looks like a little cartoon thing but
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, it was just something that you can kind of refer to. But so could you just sort of tell me exactly how you're going to dose it for him today.
iPhone: When I pick it up on my give them half a strip. Yep. And then I'm going to wait and then give him the other half the strip
ANN MENDENHALL: And how long will you wait
iPhone: A couple hours.
Yeah.
iPhone: And then the last strip will be like this evening, yes trip last half a stroke rehab strips today.
ANN MENDENHALL: Perfect. Exactly. And then tomorrow if the three half strips did it and he feels great.
ANN MENDENHALL: Then
ANN MENDENHALL: That's his dose.
ANN MENDENHALL: But if he doesn't, and I think that's likely that he's going to need more then you can start out with eight milligrams in the morning. Once one full strip and then one full strip, you know, in the evening.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, and then I'd also going to prescribe the XO friend and that's for the nausea and vomiting.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, and I'll send that to you.
ANN MENDENHALL: Perfect. So do you have either one of you have any other questions.
iPhone: Do you have any questions on Suboxone when I get Suboxone
ANN MENDENHALL: When well I'm going to send it right now. And like within the five minutes. And so it just depends on how long it takes your
ANN MENDENHALL: Pharmacy to fill it. And I'm going to send them a little note and say that this is urgent that you're in extreme withdrawals and hopefully that will speed them up.
ANN MENDENHALL: Perfect. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Any, anything else I can do for you.
iPhone: So when does he check in for group next week.
ANN MENDENHALL: Is it yes he should when you're done here.
ANN MENDENHALL: Call the virtual clinic back up again and say that I'd like him to be in the Wednesday night group for now, but he eventually will be in the Friday morning group.
ANN MENDENHALL: So he can come next Wednesday night, and so they can get that setup for you. And the other thing that needs to happen at some point once he's through the withdrawals. This doesn't have to happen. Obviously this week, the other wreck.
ANN MENDENHALL: requirement is that he has an appointment with a therapist to do sort of an intake on, you know, kind of, you know, emotional
ANN MENDENHALL: Up all the rest of it. I mean, that's
iPhone: Kind of
ANN MENDENHALL: Part of what we do here. And so just for your information, the group.
ANN MENDENHALL: I do all the medical refills.
ANN MENDENHALL: Prescription refills for everybody, and I work with a therapist, and so she kind of works on the therapy portion of it so that happens every week and that's that's a requirement to continue getting medications from Brian Hill and
ANN MENDENHALL: It's a nice group of people and in the people that are going to be there. Friday morning. I think will be good too.
ANN MENDENHALL: So that's pretty much all I have right now.
ANN MENDENHALL: Unless you have any other questions. I'm going to send the prescription
iPhone: All right. Nope that's it. Thank you.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
iPhone: You're very good object there and I'll call in about 20 minutes 30 minutes and see if they've received it, and how long it's going to take and whatnot.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah it and then, you know, meanwhile, you can call the virtual clinic and set up the group appointment and be they call it bps which a bio psychosocial intake, the therapy intake just called that's going on what you mean.
iPhone: Okay. Will do. Thank you so much.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. Thank you, Michelle.
iPhone: In
iPhone: A young girl.
ANN MENDENHALL: I know you're going to eventually feel better. I'm sorry that you're going through such a rough time but we want to take care of you. And so you're going to be getting that Suboxone as soon as we can get that prescription filled for you.
iPhone: He said, Make you
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: Okay. You're welcome. Thank you, you too. Bye.
iPhone: Alright, get this off. Oh, there we go.